---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
feature-img: "img/color.png"
---

My journey to software development and programming has been a unique one. I started at Montclair State University for my undergrad, majoring in in Political Science. Starting out my plan was to go to law school so I took a job at a law firm as a paralegal, took my LSAT's and started applying to law schools. It was at this point my father started to get really sick so I had to switch gears. I took over responsibilities of running the family business.  To be fair, I don't think I really wanted to be a lawyer. It always felt like something I was supposed to do, but not something I had a passion for. Like many graduates, I didn't know what to do next.

In 2011 I joined the Obama campaign as an unpaid intern. I was looking for a greater challenge. I had been able to get the business to a point where it could run on autopilot as long as I tended to it for a couple of hours every evening. I used the rest of my time working at the Obama campaign and worked myself up from intern to office manager to a paid field worker and then finally to my final title, Regional Field Director/Data and Digital Director for OFA-NJ. In that position I was responsible for the processing and reporting of all of the volunteer and voter data across NJ for the 2012 election.  I only had to work with the campaign software at this point and didn't have to develop anything on my own, but this was when I decided that working within this particular intersection of tech, data, and politics was where I wanted to be. 

After the campaign finished I started putting things into motion to sell my business. I knew what I wanted to do going forward and I knew that where we were in the business cycle would require a major time commitment from me going forward for the next 5-10 years. Actually selling the business would prove to be a hurdle in itself as we had a hostile landlord, but I eventually managed it two and a half years later. I spent that time taking occasional courses at General Assembly or any free courses I could find at local schools or meetups. 

After I sold the business I started making moves towards a coding bootcamp. I took the two week App Academy prep course to see if that would be a fit, and I played with the idea of General Assembly.  Neither of these felt right though. I didn't like the idea of spending quite that much money when I already had a decent foundation, and I wanted the schedule flexibility of an online program. The Web Developer program at Bloc turned out to be a perfect fit for what I wanted.

That brings me here now. I'm looking for my first job as a junior developer. My ideal job is to work somewhere that is building bold and innovative tech, wants to teach young developers, and has a strong culture. There's nothing I want more than full immersion in this world because I only want to get better and better. I know that I am a fast learner and I can thrive in the right environment. I have so many ideas and concepts that I want to learn how to implement, and I have a unique balance of work ethic and soft skills that might not be a regular feature of people employed in this field.
