---
layout: post
title: Goals as a FrontEnd Developer
---
I should probably start with how I started this path towards web development and coding.  I worked on the Obama 2012 campaign as the NJ Data and Digital director. While I loved the job I couldn't help but become interested by the technologies and applications we were using to capture the data as much as the data itself. I'd had a glancing interest in programming generally since I graduated college, but never got more involved than some light reading and research.  I never thought I had the math chops necessary to do the real work behind programming. 

After the campaign ended, I went back to my small business and tended to that for a few years. After selling the business last year, it was time for me to jump back into the political world.  When I started looking for work though, I found that I was now woefully under-equipped for the jobs I really wanted. I didn't have a formal background in data. Even if I had done a good job organizing the data campaign for Obama 2012, I had no training in SQL or Python.  If I wanted to compete with the big boys, I was going to need more training and experience. So I enrolled in an SQL class at General Assembly. I enjoyed the one day class, but I also figured that I was at a key turning point. If I was really going to go all the way with SQL it was going to be like learning a programming language. And if I was going to learn a programming language, did I really want to do that with SQL? I was more interested in building the web applications and technology that would be responsible for capturing the data, then manipulating the data itself. 

So from there I decided to enroll in the App Academy JumpStart program. The program was a two week crash course in Ruby, with the most successful students going on to the full time program. I did terrible. It was all so alien and foreign to me, but I enjoyed the challenge and I knew I wanted to get better. I didn't succeed in making it through to the full time course, but I knew that I wanted to enroll somewhere. So I took the winter break to pick a course, and started at Bloc in January. 

My top goal and number one priority is being good at this. I want to write exceptional code, I want to work on creative projects, and I always want to be honing my craft.  Honestly, the other goals flow from there. Of course I'd love to work at a great company and design the next great app, but I have to be talented and know what I'm doing first. So the first step to me is becoming an expert at these frontend languages and logging the thousands of hours necessary to make that happen. The best way to do that is to get through the Bloc program and then get a job somewhere as a junior frontend developer where I can go and plow through 8-10 hours a day of coding work for a few years. 

Simultaneously, I'd like to start developing some of the ideas I have for different applications.  I worked with some friends on a concept for a news-sharing social media site, similar in concept to Reddit, that I'd like to revisit. I also designed a board game that I'd like to try and turn into a mobile app.  I could see myself using my nights and weekends on those to help further develop my skills.

From there I'd like to go back to my political roots. Once I have a strong enough foundation in programming, I'd like to go back and learn Python or SQL and start applying some of the concepts and ideas I picked up during the 2012 campaign on some new tech that might be applicable. At the end of the day that is the field I am most comfortable in, and I started here with the idea of marrying these skills to those.   

* Hone my skills and expand my talents as a programmer
* 10,000+ hours working on front end programming projects and work
* Develop my own ideas and concepts into web or mobile applications
* Learn data, SQL and Python, and bring all of this new programming knowledge to my political background